what began as Disney's 32nd animated
feature has now come to life at
Disneyland a new experience called The
Lion King celebration The Lion King
celebration not only treats guests to a
parade but culminates with an incredible
street show we're taking really the
approach of the legend of Simba and it's
as if it is a traditional story that's
been passed down through all of history
of Africa and we're enjoying the
celebration as we retell the great story
of The Lion King in the Lion King
celebration over 75 performers dressed
in African tribal and animal costumes
danced and sang through different
African scenes Zazu the first
audio-animatronic figures used in a
parade sits perched above the dry arid
part of Africa showcasing the birth of
baby Simba a large acacia tree pushed by
African tribal dancers represents the
death of Simba's father Mufasa for the
first time into Disneyland parade
performers dressed as monkeys swing from
trees as rain sprinkles the audience all
signifying Simba's exile to Africa's
rainforests finally the pride lands of
Africa features Simba reclaiming his
rightful position as king of the jungle
The Lion King celebration features
state-of-the-art puppetry towering
giraffes bend over to get a good look at
Disneyland guests a giant will squirt
water out of his trunk while smiling
Rhinos and crocodiles roam Main Street
USA these puppets are so realistic not
only from their look but actually from
their movements because it's a puppeteer
that's working on the inside of it
really nothing looks mechanical it all
looks fluid as realistic as possible the
people are gonna think these things are
real The Lion King celebration took over
a year to complete
from early renderings and models various
show elements were constructed in
Portland Orlando and Nashville hundreds
of talented Disneyland cast members
rehearsed dance numbers
designed unique costumes and put the
finishing touches on floats resembling
African landscapes the final product a
unique Disneyland experience this one is
absolutely incredible the power of the
movie is just extraordinary but we're
able to translate that into this new
parade in Disneyland and it will be
fantastic